feat(tauri-cli): add plugin remove command (#11322)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/cli-remove-command.md

---

> "tauri-cli": minor:feat
> ---
> 
> Add a cli command to `remove` plugins from projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"tauri-cli": minor:feat
"@tauri-apps/cli": minor:feat
---

Add `tauri remove` to remove plugins from projects.
```
